I'm a person who doesn't act on my whims,
I don’t care if I drink another Shanzi.
So you're not taking me?
I am not taking people,
Do you want your life?
Oh, since you asked,
This, you say is a mistake,
I will give you a favor, and I must fulfill your wishes.
Didn’t you just say it now?
This way, this way,
This way, this way, this way, this way,
This way, this way, this way,
This way, this way, this way, this way, this way,
This way, this way, this way, this way, this way, this way, this way, this way, this way, this way, this way, this way, this way Just, this way, this way, this way, this way, this way, this way, this way, this way, this way, this way
Then I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I
for I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought I thought